---
title: "Hello 2025"
layout: post
categories: [thoughts, recap]
---
## Recap

Let's do a recap. 

2024 was a busy year. Looking back, I accomplished what I set out to do.

- Residential Electrician Certificate
- Basic conversation in Japanese

**Electrician Certificate**

I spent four days a week to become a residential electrician. It includes lecture, reading, and hands-on training. This experience gave me the skills and knowledge to work with electrical equipment and wiring. I learned the technique to operate machinery and the understanding of electrical system. This knowledge will stays with me forever. 

**Basic conversation in Japanese**

This has to do with managing my ego and lesson learn of being humble. 

On my last trip to Japan, I prepared myself to be aware of my action in a different country, but I did not prepare myself to blend into the culture by speaking the language. I was able to get by with pointing things and using a translator app, however, it did not help me to fully experience the culture and the people in Japan. In an incident at a restaurant, I was not able to make an order and has to be accommodated by a designated staff. I am humbled by this. I set out to make sure I can communicate, at some level, as if I am a local customer. 

For four months, I studied Japanese everyday for hours. When I arrived in Japan, I was able to communicate with the locals using basic Japanese. I was able to understand basic sentences and able to communicate with using the local language. It was such a pleasant experience. I felt a sense of accomplishment and the trip experience was greatly increased. 

Big wins in 2024. 

## 2025

Looking forward to 2025. In general, I still want to meet the reading and exercise goals. 

- Read 10 books.
- Exercise daily.
- Writing daily.

I have not set any other goals yet. However, the theme of the year will be 

> PRIORITY and DISCIPLINE 

As I am becoming another year older, I would love to be wiser -_-. I feel that when `priority` and `discipline` are set and apply, everything else will follow. 

I am looking forward to a great year. Let's go. 
